Remember when Vine was turned off
Everyone is like...
How could it affect me?
So... look at these weeping viner
so funny
Why do they have to rely on it? Do you know -
If Youtube is dead, I will be the first to celebrate
I have Moet champagne, Charles Diana Champagne in 1961
Ready to celebrate
Regardless of whether google pulls at any time...plug...press...
It’s obvious how to express it casually. I can’t speak English.
Twitter decided to turn off vine...
But we really didn't think about the long-term impact, do you know?
What is the long-term impact of Vine being turned off?
let me tell you
Hey! Everybody!
Vine refugees...
They... they are omnipresent
They are scattered all over the net
Some people ran to youtube, some people ran to Instagram
Where they can continue to spread their 6-second film in new ways.
Look!
These funny and repetitive films I took
There are sexual hints, and it’s really hard to laugh.
Please accept me.
Exhibit 1
Paul Brothers
We don’t need to say anything about them.
I...we have... already
Disaster has caused
It’s Christmas 欸~
"God has abandoned us"
My favorite vine refugee is definitely...
Piques
Piques...Piques...
Piques is my buddy
I love Piques
Piques used to be an excellent vener and fled to Instagram
If you ask me, this looks like the wrong decision
I know that you can easily make a lot of money on Instagram.
But at the same time it is not so good
I didn't... I didn't see a lot of tag ads here.
Piques him...
What do you do on Instagram?
Like...
You are sitting in a car...
With funny text, like...
When she said "sit on my face"
Or...
I am blue, if I used to be green, I will die.
When you have a good car, but you are ugly
Mark a ugly friend
The best element of Pique's po is...
Erotic elements
Let you want to point in from the thumbnail
baby?
I want a new bag to give me some money?
Like... many people just clicked on the positive girl on the thumbnail of the film.
"正妹们" plus quotes... quotes...
I have lost... I am going to have a stroke soon.
I lost the language function of Jesus Christ...
I will watch this video for...
Is for...Piquet...
Mane
That is where the babies were born...
Never!!
I let you put it in my ass~
I will take the money quickly.
he can not...?
He can't go...
Isn't it cheaper to find a prostitute?
I know what you are thinking about.
I want to know if there is a second bomb in this film.
Don't worry, here are
There is also a second bomb
Baby? Give me some money, I want to buy new shoes.
Don't be too!!
I let you play this 喔~
I will take the money quickly.
I do not...
Just need...
sit down...
(It’s a tumor...)
Don't be too!!
But I know what you are thinking about.
I need to know what happens next.
Is there a third bomb in this series?
Of course
Will you buy it for me?
No... Don’t ask me anything more.
I will let you put it in my ass again~
Take the money quickly!!!! Take the money!!!!
Dry, I really want to die.
I will take the money quickly.
There are too many such movies, my days are almost just beginning.
"When you step on the plug"
Where is the smile??
Laugh at...
Super will use...film thumbnail...
...by the way
This can't be broadcast on Youtube so I have to do mosaic processing
but...
10/10
Let’s see where the smile is.
"Nude will kill people and not become a case"
"I laugh too hard"
me too
Look at it, it’s the same smile.
You know that I have a hand before...
I used to have a gun... as a prop...
It’s there... I’ll put the muzzle in my mouth.
Then shoot myself
I can't do it anymore because as long as I do, the film will be cancelled.
Now I hope I have a real gun.
As I said a lot before...
...Vine refugees ran to shoot vlog (vlog: image blog)
Just like you already know
Take a look at one of the videos.
Nothing, except...
Billing... Billing... and...
More bills
this is life
What is this? Twitch's Life Class (IRL) Live??
Let me put the lens here
I just want to...
Don't look at it, you naughty ghosts~
Even if I fully accept the refugees
I believe this is a very important point.
But this is really too much
Now many people are attacking my girl...
Lele Pons
She was recently heavily criticized by the Youtube community.
I don't understand... I don't understand why
why??
Maybe you heard her
She is a viner. Her work is basically...
Just "banging on anything"
That is very interesting
Right?
Will you return me? "When someone doesn't pay for a pencil or a ballpoint pen"
So my...? "When someone doesn't pay for a pencil or a ballpoint pen"
My pencil!!!
She is an expert...
An expert who uses the body as a smile
"I expect the relationship with the boy vs reality"
I like to watch people fall, it’s really funny.
"Which is your favorite Christmas movie?"
But I am here to help Lele Pons
The criticism she got was unjust
Ok?
You don't know Lele Pons just like Lele Pons like me.
People just taboo Lele Pons have appeared in YouTube rewind
And you are not invited by YouTube rewind, so you are jealous.
"We invited two special guests"
Then people say her face looks...
What happened to her face?! My God...
Then I said...
You don't know how good she is.
She really donated her hair to charity
Sorry... she donated her "send" to the charity. "Lele Pons was caught and donated" to the charity, causing anger."
That... those hair extensions are expensive...so...
It’s great that she can do this.
Do you like being bullied?
Don't worry, Lele Pons is here to help.
This is the first film to appear if you search for "How not to be bullied"
People strongly criticize this film, but...
You don't understand...
...not knowing Lele Pons like Lele Pons like me?
She not only does this vlog, she also directs...
She... she also edits the film
She also wrote the script...
She also starred in
That needs talent, ok?
In her... she is basically the next Tommy Wiseau (note: the director who issued the "Best Piece in History")
Do you know what they said?
Hey!! Everyone!
...all wrong, social studies are terrible!! (Note: American citizenship class)
Wait, let's not quarrel where the teacher is?
- My God... - She is beautiful.
She wrote this line...
About herself, she wrote these...
She reminds me of the "room" (note: the worst piece in the history of Tommy just mentioned)
You know everyone in the "room"... (Note: it is the worst movie in the history of Tommy just mentioned)
It is said that Lisa is very positive (note: the heroine of "room")
Wow, it looks so sexy.
Lele Pons
I am not coming here to tell you that you will not be bullied tomorrow.
You are all likely to be bullied, especially you, you are a fool of love.
I don't know if I will be bullied when I go to college because if I am bullied, everyone will...
I can't understand any word he said.
This short play is really good.
Miss Pons, I just want to say that you are really positive.
do not talk
Again
Come again... she is...
Ok, let's see what I should write.
12-year-old child said that I am very beautiful
Ok, great, then I will write again...
12-year-old child, once again, I am very beautiful.
That's right, everyone must know that I am very positive.
I am Lele Pons.
However, the audience loves this taste.
Hahaha, really cool...hahaha
Jesus Governor, I guess...
I guess I should start to shoot a short play.
Kidding
My views are more
Oh... there is a little turbulence
There is turbulent flow!!!
We are suffering from turbulence outside of expectations, please sit back in the seat.
Have you seen a 5 minute movie and want to know...
Where is this focus?
Hey, are you talking about my movie? It’s funny.
They are all 10 minutes so shut up
I have been looking for where the stem is.
I do not...
why...?
It doesn’t make me laugh at all.
I was traumatized after I won the hunger game in Latin America.
And I know that you are the only one who can stop it.
Just like when you play in the US
So, do you want to join, Miss?
They call me Kenneth Evertine, not a white name.
Where is the smile?
I have never come in so fast, I love you~
To be fair, you know people... people obviously like these things.
There are also good reasons, just like I just explained
I am also very happy that people are entertained by these films.
Because it should be so because these videos are great
To be honest, at least... even if it’s bad, it’s a cancer, but at least...
It is original content...
Except they all use the same stalk
again and again
If you like this video, please remember to fund my Patreon.
It is in the information bar below
The smile is that I don't have Patreon.
But I am happy to create one
Translation, timeline: In order to understand what the fart child is saying, I am going to find someone who looks at the original lele cancer video...